Add layers idea to image testing doc (#2998)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-images/about/images-testing.md

|  **Kubernetes accessibility**     | Containers used for Kubernetes-based deployments must be able to run inside of a Kubernetes cluster.     |
|  **Architecture**     | Chainguard Containers must be built for both the `x86_64` and `aarch64` architectures.      |

Chainguard also performs the following checks on new container images to ensure that the applications contained within them meet the needs of most use cases:

| **Requirement** 	  |  **Explanation**     |
| --- | --- |
|  **Functionality**     | The application is tested to comply with its upstream counterpart's core feature set.   |
|  **Builder Containers**     | Chainguard's builder containers can in fact build new, functional container images.     |

### Comprehensive testing

> The container images we build have a wide variety of core functionality and expected installation methods. This means we must vary our testing across container images to be wise and test the right things. It may be helpful to think about the various layers in a container image build process and what would be useful to test for each layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chainguard builds a wide variety of different container images, with differing core functionalities and expected installation methods. This means we must vary our testing across container images to test the right things. It can be helpful to think about the various layers in a container image build process and what would be useful to test for each layer:
```

| **Layer**  | **Test** | **Applies to**  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Deployment | Upstream accepted, documented deployment methods | All services and controllers |
| Runtime security | Non-root, no extra caps, read-only rootfs | All |
| TLS | Valid chain, hostname, min TLS | Any listener, FIPS |
| Persistence | Correct file and directory permissions, read/write, restarts cleanly | Stateful, such as databases |
| UI | Smoke test and auth | UI apps, such as Argo |

> | Metrics and logging | Metrics emitted or exposed if the app exposes them, logs are written to expected locations if they are emitted |  |

Author: Unfortunately, at least for now.
